***DISCLAIMER***
</br>
The proprietary analysis and commentary enclosed in this repo express my research opinions. You should assume that as of the publication dates of reports herein, I have taken a position in the security, and therefore stand to realize significant gains in the event that the price of said security rises or declines. Following the dissemination of these materials, I intend to continue transacting in the securities covered herein, and I may be long, short, or neutral at any time hereafter regardless of my initial conclusions or recommendations. All expressions of opinion are subject to change without notice, and I do not undertake to update these analyses or any information contained herein. I have no obligation to advise any other party regarding their historical, current, and future trading activities.

These analyses express my research opinions, which I have based upon interpretation of certain facts and observations, all of which are based upon publicly available information, and all of which are set out in these materials. Unless noted otherwise, stated financial figures represent those available through public filings. Any investment involves substantial risks, including complete loss of principal investment. Any forecasts or estimates are for illustrative purposes only and should not be taken as limitations of the maximum possible loss or gain. Any information contained herein may include forward-looking statements, expectations, pro-forma analyses, estimates, and projections. You should assume these types of statements, expectations, pro-forma analyses, estimates, and projections may turn out to be incorrect for reasons beyond my control. This is not investment or accounting advice nor should it be construed as such. Use of my research is at your own risk. You should conduct your own research and due diligence, with assistance from financial, legal, and tax professionals, before making any investment decision with respect to the securities covered herein. 

To the best of my ability and belief, as of the date hereof, all information contained herein is accurate and reliable and does not omit to state material facts necessary to make the statements herein not misleading, and all information has been obtained from public sources I believe to be accurate and reliable, and who are not insiders or connected persons of the business entity covered herein or who may otherwise owe any fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality to the issuer or to any other person or entity that was breached by the transmission of information to me. However, I recognize that there may be non-public information in the possession of the business entity that is the subject of this report, or any insiders associated therewith that has not been publicly disclosed. Therefore, such information contained herein is presented “as is”, without warranty of any kind – whether express or implied. I make no other representations, express or implied, as to the accuracy, timeliness, or completeness of any such information or with regard to the results to be obtained from use.

The enclosed analyses' estimated fundamental value only represents a best-efforts estimate of the potential fundamental valuation of a specific security, and is not expressed as, or implied as, assessments of the quality of a security, a summary of past performance, or an actionable investment strategy for an investor. This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, nor shall any security be offered or sold to any person, in any jurisdiction in which such offer would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. I am not a registered investment advisor, broker/dealer, or licensed accountant.
